Prev
Next
Grades
Where are my grades?
Your grades can appear in multiple places. Wherever you find your grade, you'll find the information you need.
On your course's
Grades
page inside the relevant course
In your activity stream
On your global
Grades
page, accessed from the list where your name appears
Inside the course
You can access your course grades on the course's navigation bar. Select the
Grades
icon to access all the coursework that's specific to the course you're in.
Then, on the
Course Grades
page, select a title to see the grade and feedback from your instructor.
Activity stream
As your instructors post grades, you'll find them in your activity stream. Select
View your grade
to display your grade. If your instructor added feedback, you'll see it after the item's title.
If your instructor updates a grade, the grade is also updated in the stream.
Your global Grades page
To see your grades for all your courses in one place, select
Grades
from the list on the left where your name appears. All of your grades are organized by course. You can see what's due and set priorities across all of your courses. No need to navigate to each course individually.
Grade pills
Your instructor determines how to display your grade for each graded item:
Letter grade
Points
Percentage
The grade pill for each assessment question and graded item may appear in colors or with dark backgrounds.
For the colored grade pills, the highest score range is green and the lowest is red. At this time, your instructors can't change the colors or the percentages. The colors map to these percentages:
> 90% = green
89–80% = yellow/green
79–70% = yellow
69–60% = orange
59–50% = red
Your institution can disable the color scheme for all courses. The grade pills appear with dark backgrounds and white grades. Colors won't be used to convey performance.
How do my grades compare to others?
You can use
learning analytics
to find out where you stand in relation to your classmates and plan how to improve your position.
Watch a video about checking grades
The following narrated video provides a visual and auditory representation of some of the information included on this page. For a detailed description of what is portrayed in the video,
open the video on Vimeo.
Course Grades
Navigate the Gradebook with JAWS
Attendance Grades
Assessment Grades
Discussion Grades
Submissions and Feedback
Goals
How Am I Doing?
Grades
Where are my grades?
Inside the course
Activity stream
Your global Grades page
Grade pills
How do my grades compare to others?
Watch a video about checking grades
Search results
No results found
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
Would you like to provide feedback? Just click here to suggest edits.